
- [x] 1. **Database Migration** Currently the db for this site is separate from the container, now that a working version has been created, the database should be migrated to a pg db inside the container. Once this change is complete, there would be no need for nocodb to manage the db as well, so its connection could be severed.
- [x] 2. **Super users/admin**. There are already two types of users, lab members and farmers, both with different levels of access to the site, however, a system is needed to allow lab members to upload data from multiple farms. In the new system, lab members will also get a qr code for the FarmerDataLogger app, only when they submit data, it gets assigned to a farm via proximity to the farms fields, this way lab members can submit data for multiple farms. If data is uploaded by a lab member and it is not inside an existing field boundary, it remains in the lab members "map" tab until it is sorted (See sorting feature below). In order to allow lab members access to the dashboard, a credentials system needs to be sorted out. Open registration is not an option, so some secure method is needed to give account access to specific people.
- [x] 3. **Add Lab Member Data Upload Capability** Lab members will be able to upload data as well, that will not automatically be grouped to an individual farm. Instead, lab member uploaded data will be added to the db and displayed in one large table with the columns uploaded by", "assigned farm", "media type", "Date Collected" and "Status", allowing users to sort by each.
- [x] 4. **Add a "status" flag to all data uploaded by the FarmerDataLogger app.** This status will be coded as 1-4.  With 1 indicating no project specific linkage, (ie, uploaded by a lab member and the data is not inside or near (<1000 m from a farm polygon), 2 is at least linked to a farm either by spatial relationship or uploaded by a farmer. 3  is spatially located and manually assigned a category and description by a human or external AI workflow and requires the submitter to clarify information, 4 has been processed by human/ external AI workflow and is fully completed. 
- [x] 5.  **Data Sorting** A data sorting interaction ui is needed. This ui will only be accessible to those with lab member credentials. In the UI, users will be able to see all data uploaded by the FDL app either on a map or in a list where they can sort by date, farmer/lab member or status (as defined above). In this ui, the lab member can open each data set (image, text, voice recording etc.) and add a category, a description, and assign it to an experiment. Once the data is edited in the ui, its status is changed to 3.
- [x] 6. **Separate out access** Data upload url needs to be public and very secure to prevent bad actor access. All other access (UI, API) can remain on private address if possible. Alternatively, if the landing page of the ui can be adequately locked down with a secure access method and no way to register a new account from outside of the admin panel, both the ui and the upload url could be exposed
- [ ] 7. **Dashboard Functionality Configuration** The dashboard UI needs some reconfiguring to improve workflow and functionality, changes are as follows:
	- [ ] **Side Bar** The side menu in the panel needs to be reorganized, The Admin menu can be moved to the top and house "Contacts" (Change the label to "Farmers"), "Lab Members", "Data Uploads" "Data Sorting" and "Dashboard". "Treatment Protocols" can get moved to Reference Data
	- [ ] **Farm Page** The Farm page inside "Farms" (once the user clicks on a specific farm) Should show more info right away, including the leaflet map of the fields and experiment zones associated with the farm, farmer contact info and linked experiments. The "Fields", "Treatments", "Map" and "Experiment Zones"  tabs can be removed (since the info will be shown in the main farm page) so that there is just an "Overview" tab, "Contacts Tab", "Farmer Summary" (see bullet below) and a "Data Uploads Tab" for data that they uploaded from the mobile app shown on a separate map.
	- [ ] **Farmer Summary Page** Once farmer interviews are processed, there will be a farmer summary document that highlights important information for the farm. This will be a markdown file uploaded via the client, so there should be a "Farm Info" tab that can display markdown. This will also require adding a "Farm Summary" field in the db table to store the farm summary data. 
- [ ] 8.  **Data Access Client** To facilitate efficient data processing workflows outside of the UI for scripts, ai assistants and lab members, I would like to build a CLI client that can interact with the database backend. This client could be downloaded and setup on a lab members computer, be given a client specific token (linked to the lab member, but identifiable as a client) and be used to access datasets via CLI commands. The cli would need to be bidirectional to allow for pulling unique identifiers from the db so that it could use proper convention when uploading files. for example, a command to upload field boundaries from a shapefile of geopackage to "Farmer brown" would use fuzzy matching to find the entry and unique id for "Farmer Brown" in the database, and then upload the data to the table fore Farmer Brown.

- [ ] 9. **File tree generation** (see step 3 below).



### Usage Steps (Thinking out loud)
1. Adding a farm and their experiment
	1. Farmer contact info (simple form)
	2. field boundaries (uploaded via api)
	3. Experiment information (Form: Description(long text), link to experimental protocols (if applicable, multi checkbox dropdown))
	4. Test information ie, what we'll measure. (Form, multi check box to link tests/drones to the experiment)
	5. Farm Equipment info (simple form: Common name, model number, row width (if applicable), number of rows (if applicable), Acres per hour (if applicable)
2. Collecting Initial Field data through Farmer Data Logger (FDL App).
	1. Data is uploaded via app by the farmer (automatically assigned to the farm) OR. Data is uploaded by lab member or agronomist (must be assigned to farm via location data or manually by a lab member via the UI)
	2. All data is processed via human /AI classification
3. A file tree for the project is generated on box or an SMB share. Structured data from the Database will be stored there including a project info(ReadOnly).md that will be updated with data from the database, a project boundaries.gpkg file that stores all spatial data, and an Assets folder which contains all data uploaded via the FDL app. Test data or unstructured data will also be stored there and workflows will be developed to ingest and process the data will be developed over time. 

 app_lifecycle.compose_action():58 - Failed 'up' action for 'nocodb' app:  Network ix-internal-nocodb-nocodb-net  Creating\n Network ix-internal-nocodb-nocodb-net  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-pemissions-1  Creating\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  Creating\n Container ix-nocodb-redis-1  Creating\n Container ix-nocodb-redis-1  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres-1  Creating\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres-1  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-nocodb-1  Creating\n Container ix-nocodb-nocodb-1  Created\n Container ix-nocodb-ppermissions-1  Starting\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Started\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Waiting\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Waiting\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Exited\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  Starting\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Exited\n Container ix-nocodb-redis-1  Starting\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  Started\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  Waiting Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Waiting\n Container ix-nocodb-redis-1  Started\n Container ix-nocodb-permissions-1  Exited\n Container ix-nocodb-postgres_upgrade-1  service "postgres_upgrade" didn't complete successfully: exit 1\nservice "postgres_upgrade" didn't complete successfully: exit 1\n

